\documentclass[a4paper,11pt]{article}
\usepackage[colorlinks=true,linkcolor=blue,allcolors=red]{hyperref}

\renewcommand\thefootnote{\textcolor{red}{\arabic{footnote}}}

\title{Git \& GitHub, Maven \& Gradle}
\author{\\\\ Cristian Camilo Serna Betancur \\\\ Andres Grisales Gonzales}

\begin{document}
\maketitle
\tableofcontents

\section{Git}
Git is a \emph{free and open source} distributed version control system designed 
to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency
\cite{git}. It was created by Linus Torvalds in 2005 for development of the 
\emph{Linux kernel}, with other kernel developers contributing to its initial 
development. Since 2005, Junio Hamano has been the core maintainer\cite{gita}.

It allows us to read the history of the project, its changes, and the thoughts 
of the person who worked in them \footnote{Although sometimes we don't write 
good commit messages, sometimes we don't use more than one line to communicate 
neither our thoughts nor the purpose of our changes.}. If something is wrong, 
we can use it to return at the time where all was working well. With Git we can 
also tag a specific state of our project with a version number if we think some 
work is done, reliable, and ready to use.

\section{Github}
GitHub, Inc. is an American multinational corporation that provides hosting for 
software development and version control using Git\cite{github}. It has many 
features such as pull request (PR), bug tracking, task manager, and wikis for 
every project. It is one of the most important hosting providers for free and 
open source projects, since it hosts very important ones.

With GitHub we can improve our own projects and help on different ones, giving 
an receiving feedback, report issues and share knowledge, and ideas. We can use
hosted continous integration services such as Travis CI with it that enables us
to test and ship our apps with confidence\cite{travis}.

Git $+$ GitHub offer us an easy way to work with many people at the same project
\footnote{Since I've learned how to use Git and GitHub (GitHub or GitLab or 
Bitbucket, who cares) I've not been able to figure a different way to work with 
more than one person at the same project.}, does'nt matter if even we are in 
different countries, we can share our code and ideas with everyone in the world.



\begin{thebibliography}{99}
    % https://git-scm.com/
    \bibitem{git} H.~Part1: \emph{Germa \TeX}, TUGboat Volume~9, Issue~1(1988) 
     % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git
    \bibitem{gita} H.~Part1: \emph{Germa \TeX}, TUGboat Volume~9, Issue~1(1988) 
    % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GitHub
    \bibitem{github} H.~Part1: \emph{Germa \TeX}, TUGboat Volume~9, Issue~1(1988) 
    %https://github.com/marketplace/travis-ci
    \bibitem{travis} H.~Part1: \emph{Germa \TeX}, TUGboat Volume~9, Issue~1(1988) 
\end{thebibliography}

\end{document}
